feat: add `blas/base/ndarray/dsyr2` (#12848)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/base/ndarray/dsyr2/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( arrays )
    Performs the symmetric rank 2 operation `A = alpha*x*y^T + alpha*y*x^T + A`,
    where `alpha` is a scalar, `x` and `y` are one-dimensional ndarrays, and
    `A` is an `N` by `N` symmetric matrix.

    Parameters
    ----------
    arrays: ArrayLikeObject<ndarray>
        Array-like object containing the following ndarrays:

        - a one-dimensional input ndarray corresponding to `x`.
        - a one-dimensional input ndarray corresponding to `y`.
        - a two-dimensional input/output ndarray corresponding to `A`.

>         - a zero-dimensional ndarray specifying whether `A` should be

Reviewer: This doesn't match our conventional description. https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/blas/base/dsyr2#dsyr2-order-uplo-n-%CE%B1-x-sx-y-sy-a-lda-

What is the reason for this discrepancy?

>         referenced as an upper or lower triangular matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - a zero-dimensional ndarray specifying whether the upper or lower
        triangular part of the symmetric matrix `A` should be referenced.
```
